Fix trustStore handling in native-image (#9906)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/native-and-ssl.adoc

[#the-truststore-path]
== The TrustStore path

[WARNING]
====
This behavior is new to GraalVM 19.3+.
====

When creating a native binary, GraalVM embraces the principle of "immutable security" for the root certificates.
This essentially means that the root certificates are fixed at image build time, based on the certificate configuration used at that build time
(which for Quarkus means when you perform a build having `quarkus.package.type=native` set).
This avoids shipping a `cacerts` file or requiring a system property be set in order to set up root
certificates that are provided by the OS where the binary runs.

As a consequence, system properties such as `javax.net.ssl.trustStore` do not have an effect at
run time, so when the defaults need to be changed, these system properties must be provided at image build time.
The easiest way to do so is by setting `quarkus.native.additional-build-args`. For example:

```
quarkus.native.additional-build-args=-J-Djavax.net.ssl.trustStore=/tmp/mycerts,-J-Djavax.net.ssl.trustStorePassword=changeit
```

> will ensure that the contents of `/tmp/mycerts` are baked into the native binary and used *in addition* to the default cacerts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will ensure that the certificates of `/tmp/mycerts` are baked into the native binary and used *in addition* to the default cacerts.
```
?

[IMPORTANT]
====

> The file containing the custom TrustStore does *not* have to be present at runtime as its contents have been baked into the native binary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The file containing the custom TrustStore does *not* have to be present at runtime as its content has been baked into the native binary.
```

====

=== Working with containers

No special action needs to be taken when running the native binary in a container. If the native binary was properly built with the custom TrustStore

> as described in the previous section, it will properly in container as well.

Reviewer: > it will properly in container as well

Looks like some word is missing here? Or maybe not but the meaning is not exactly obvious when you read it.

Author: Of course I was missing the verb :)
